Where did ice sheets spread  during the Quaternary?
When was Quaternary?
What was the mean surface temperature during the Cretaceous?
Where are Calloden and Bannickburn battlefields?
When was he sent to the front?
Who lost his only son in the trenches in 1915?
When did Rudyard Kipling lose his son?
How many sons did Rudyard Kipling have?
What should society impose, given that our desires often conflict?
Would it be possible for us to live in a society which imposed no limits whatsoever on what we do?
When did Augustus die?
Who died in AD 14?
Los Caprichos was the first major engraved series of who?
Was Goya's engraved series, Disasters of War, published before his death?
Who was the great Danish astronomer that was visited by a young friend of Napier?
When was this method much used by astronomers?
Who did Marcus Aurelius's trading mission dispatched by land communicate with?
Huan-ti was the emperor of which country?
Where were Roman coins and a bronze lamp discovered?
Which trading links were confirmed by the archaelogical discoveries of Roman coins and a bronze lamp in the Gulf of Tongking and the Mekong Delta?
What is the unit for measuring frequency?
Who was seeking a way to use the Internet to create an efficient marketplace?
Can digital computers store real numbers exactly?
What does ASC return?
Why is it vital to be worried about information security?
Where is much of the value of a business concentrated?
The chaos after which hurricane did not cause a civilizational collapse?
Which city reaches over the Firth of Forth with two great bridges?
Where do the Victorian Forth Rail Bridge and the Forth Road Bridges reach over the Firth of Forth?
Plastics can be subdivided into which two types?
Which feature do thermosets share with conventional vulcanized rubbers? Plastics can be subdivided into which two types?
Who asserted the right to control non-Christian lands and drew a line to separate the spheres of influence of Spain and Portugal just after Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean ?
The pope drew a line to separate the spheres of influence of which countries just after Columbus sailed across the Atlantic Ocean?
What do we call the presentation of proportional data in the form of a circle?
What is the population size of the planet now?
Who is the governor of California?
Approximately how many Chinese businesses are there across Northern Ireland?
There are approximately 8,000 people and over 500 Chinese businesses across where?
Which nationality has over 500 businesses across Northern Ireland?
Why do earthquakes occur?
What happens when blocks or plates that make up the Earth's surface move relative to each other?
When did it become possible to extend Cepheid-based measurements yielding a distance of 5.6 × 107 ly?
Who was the space telescope yielding a distance of 5.6 × 107 ly named after?
How far is the galaxy known as M100 in Virgo cluster?
How many nation states were signatories to the 1864 Geneva Convention?
When did 12 nation states agree to respect the community of military hospitals and their staff, to care for sick and wounded soldiers whatever their nationality and to respect the emblem of the Red Cross?
Where did the convention in 1864 occur?
The 12 nation states agreed to respect the emblem of which organisation?
What group sought to describe North American Indian languages which were disappearing as English became more powerful?
Where was the most notable attempt made to make thorough descriptions of languages?
Which languages were disappearing as English became more powerful?
When were Northern American Indian languages disappearing as English became more powerful?
Why is very little sound produced when striking a tuning fork?
Who came to Britain in the eleventh century?
Where did William the Conqueror and his Normans come to in the eleventh century?
Where were a vast number of words that entered Englihs in the eleventh century derived from
When did the vast number of words derived both from Norman French and from written Latin enter English?
When did Bastille fall?
Where was the medieval fortress and prison Bastille?
What is the modern name of ancient city of Thugga?
When was the first film in the franchise originally released?
Who released the first film in the franchise?
The James Bond film series are inspired by which author's novels?
What are Iam Fleming's novels about?
Where did Caine's acting career begin?
Who's acting career began in Horsham, Sussex?
What was Caine's career?
Which nationality arrived in great numbers after 1840?
When did the Irish arrive in great numbers?
How much of the island does the Republic of Ireland cover?
Five-sixths of the island are covered by which republic?
How much of the Earth's surface does it cover?
When was his younger brother born?
Who was born on 17th February 1894?
Which type of star is the Sun?
What percentage of the total mass of the solar system does the Sun comprise of?
Of what does The Sun comprise about 99.86% of the total mass of?
Who invented the first hydrogen-filled balloon?
When was the first hydrogen-filled balloon invented?
Since when have human activities increased the levels of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere?
Where have  Human activities since the start of the industrial era  increased the levels of greenhouse gases?
Who invented the first Voltaic pile in 1800?
When was the first Voltaic pile invented?
The battery has become a common power source for which applications?
When was the Japanese surname Dictionary issued?
How many different surnames are there in Japan?
Which country has 291,129 different surnames?
How much does an adult male weigh?
Which Latin word is the word "lava" derived from?
Which two important variables are used for the classification of igneous rocks?
Which organisation's most visible public figure is currently Ban Ki-moon of South Korea?
Who is the current Secretary-General of the UN?
Where is the Secretary-General of the UN from?
When did Ban Ki-Moon attain the post of the Secretary-General?
What is the capital of the Republic of Austria?
How many states does Austria have?
When did the Bretton Woods Conference take place?
Where was the institution of the World Bank created?
How many institutions were created at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944?
What was created at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944?
When was the Ford Motor Company launched?
How many investors did the cash come from?
Who were the most notable investors?
Which company was launched in a converted factory in 1903?
When did Stephen Schwarzman say that up to 45% of global wealth had been destroyed in little less than a year and a half?
Who is the CEO of Blackstone Group?
Which position did Stephen Schwarzman hold in Blackstone Group?
In how many years did Stephen Schwarzman say that up to 45% of global wealth had been destroyed?
What did Stephen Schwarzman say had been destroyed in little less than a year and a half?
When did Geraldine Kennedy succeed Conor Brady?
Who is the current editor?
What is the occupation of Geraldine Kennedy?
It a native wild flower of which country?
Who brought it to the British Isles?
When was it introduced?
What is it often thought of as?
When was the cabinet installed?
Who installed the cabinet?
The cabinet succeeded the third Balkenende cabinet following what?
How long can the giant moray reach?
Why may bone spurs form along the edges of the joints?
Where may bone spurs form?
When should a pre-emergent herbicide be applied?
What can be prevented by applying a pre-emergent herbicide?
Who would rather stay up and not win the UEFA Cup than be relegated and win the UEFA Cup?
What would their fans rather not win than be relegated and win?
How much can you buy a data transfer cable for from online shops?
Where can you buy a data transfer cable for about 10 pounds?
What can you buy for about 10 pounds from online shops?
If you shoot a mid-size photo with "normal" resolution, how many might you be able to get on the card?
What might you be able to get about a thousand of on the card?
With which size photo with "normal" resolution might you be able to get about a thousand on the card?
Which operating system is the best memory management Operating system?
What operating system is Linux derivative of?
Which manufacturer's chipset video cards will not give you the performance you want out of WoW?
The integrated Intel chipset video cards will not give you the performance you want out of WoW even with how much RAM?
What shows that inhabitants of Ireland came from Spain in prehistoric times?
Where did the inhabitants of Ireland come from according to the DNA research ?
Which nations came from Spain in prehistoric times?
DNA research shows that the inhabitants of Ireland came from Spain when?
What helped Paris to become number 1 romantic place?
Where is the Eiffel Tower?
Which place did the Eiffel Tower help to become number 1 romantic place?
What provides power for Mars rover?
What distance and speed do solar panels provide enough power for in a day?
Are people more likely to be attacked by a captive killer whale than be attacked by a wild one?
Why is it likely that your laptop is not capable of working with Windows XP?
It is likely that your laptop is not capable of working with Windows XP?
When should the high first number fertilizer be fed?
How often should it be trimmed an inch or two?
What should continue?
How much should it be trimmed every few weeks?
Where is not thought of as infamous for poor medical facilities?
Why would you not be worried about paralysis?
What would you not be worried about?
Is rabies  contracted by the consumption of food?
What is not contracted by the consumption of food?
Which country is a potential candidate for membership in the European Union?
Montenegro is a potential candidate for what?
Where do most students take some English classes?
Are lessons in Italian in Italy?
What do most students take in Italy?
Are all instruments for Guitar Hero are compatible with all Rock Band games?
Which instruments are compatible with all Rock Band games?
Who is As It Began cowritten by?
What role has Jacky Gunn Smith got with the Queen International Fan Club?
Which rock group is As It Began about?
Why did you have to wear gloves?
What did it contain?
Where can you no longer buy the ordinary incandescent globes?
Can you buy the ordinary incandescent globes in Australia?
What can you no longer buy in Australia?
Who migrated through the middle east and near east into Europe?
Where did their ancestors migrate through?
When did their ancestors begin migrating through the middle ease and near east into Europe?
What will you find out is pathetic in a short time?
What are there several of in the UK?
Where are there several 'theme parks'?
Are there several 'theme parks' in the UK?
The dealer has to hit until they get how many?
